from zero to trader in 30 days. We have
seen [music] that our strategy is
working well in sample especially after
optimizing it. This bring us face to
face with the biggest threat of
institutional traders over fitting. If
you test hundred of thousands of
parameter combinations, you will almost
certainly get higher profits and a
smoother equity curve. The issue is that
in this case you're not optimizing. You
are curve fitting. [music] You're
finding the combination of parameters
that work the best in that specific
historical period and not parameters
that are likely to keep working in the
future. This is exactly what overfitting
is only optimized parameters that have a
clear trading or economic rationale. How
do we test if we overfeitted or not? And
that's exactly why we divided our data
between in sample and out of sample.
These allow us to compare the
performance across different data sets
and check if the strategy is robust or
if we simply fooled ourselves.